♪ Get kicked out for coming home at dawn ♪
♪ Your mum and dad cursed
the day you were born ♪
♪ Throw your clothes into a duffel bag ♪
♪ Shouting and slam the door ♪
♪ At home, it's a drag ♪
♪ Who can I turn to ♪
♪ Where can I stay ♪
♪ I've heard of places open
all night and all day ♪
♪ There's a place you can go ♪
♪ Where the cops don't know ♪
♪ You can act real wild ♪
♪ They don't treat you like a child ♪
♪ Runaway boys ♪
♪ Your hair's all greasy
and you feel like a slob ♪
♪ You're only fifteen
and you can't get a job ♪
♪ Run into the luncheonette
and shoot a few games ♪
♪ Who's the lonely boy,
man, it's always the same ♪
♪ Steal a couple of
bucks to buy a new toy ♪
♪ Slip into the alley
with the runaway boys ♪
♪ Runaway boys ♪
♪ Running faster ♪
♪ Faster all the time ♪
♪ You're under age and ♪
♪ God knows that's a crime ♪
♪ Get kicked out for coming home at dawn ♪
♪ Your mum and dad cursed
the day you were born ♪
♪ Throw your clothes into a duffel bag ♪
♪ Shouting and slam the door ♪
♪ At home, it's a drag ♪
♪ Who can I turn to ♪
♪ Where can I stay ♪
♪ I've heard of places open
all night and all day ♪
♪ There's a place you can go ♪
♪ Where the cops don't know ♪
♪ You can act real wild ♪
♪ They don't treat you like a child ♪
♪ Runaway boys ♪
♪ Running faster ♪
♪ Faster all the time ♪
♪ You're under age and ♪
♪ God knows that's a crime ♪
♪ Runaway boys ♪
♪ Runaway boys. ♪